feat: add integration section for fastly compute (#381)
momentohq/public-dev-docs: docs/develop/integrations/fastly.md

## Prerequisites

To get this app deployed and running, you'll need to have the following available:

- An account with a Git provider such as [GitHub](https://github.com/), [GitLab](https://gitlab.com), or [Bitbucket](https://bitbucket.org/).
- A [Fastly](https://www.fastly.com/) account.
- A copy or fork of the [Momento JavaScript SDK](https://github.com/momentohq/client-sdk-javascript) in your personal repositories.

### Momento Setup

Once you have a copy or fork of the Momento JavaScript SDK in your Git provider account, you're ready to configure the Momento side of things using the [Momento console](https://console.gomomento.com). You can create an account in the console by providing your email address or linking an existing Google or GitHub account. Once you've logged into the console, click the `Create Cache` button on the top right of the page:

![Create Cache button](/img/console-create-cache.png)

> Create a cache called `worker`. You can create the cache in your choice of cloud provider, AWS or GCP, and in any region.

Reviewer: We don't support HTTP endpoints in GCP so this example won't work for GCP.

> Create a cache called `worker`. You can create the cache in your choice of cloud provider, AWS or GCP, and in any region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a cache called `worker`. Only AWS cloud providers support HTTP endpoints currently. You can create the cache in any of the supported AWS regions.
```

Navigate to the [tokens](https://console.gomomento.com/tokens) page, and choose the cloud provider and region you used to create your cache. Since the cache is already created, we will use a fine-grained token that will allow the worker to read from and write to the cache; but will not allow it to do control plane operations such as delete. This is especially helpful if you want to manage the security of control plane and data plane operations separately.

Choose the `Fine-Grained Access Token` token type, select `worker` as `Cache Name` from the drop down, and `readwrite` as `Role Type`. The `Super User Token` is used for managing control plane operations. More information about Momento authentication can be found [here](https://docs.momentohq.com/develop/basics/working-with-momento-auth-tokens). Hit the `Generate Token` button.

![Generate token](/img/fgac-worker-auth.png)

Copy the `Auth Token` and `HTTP Endpoint` and save it in a safe place. You'll need to use it later to configure your Fastly Compute@Edge deployment.

![Generated token](/img/http-endpoint-auth-token.png)

### Fastly Setup

> Once you have created your Fastly account, you're ready to configure the Fastly side of things using the [Fastly console](https://manage.fastly.com/services/all). Once you're logged in, click on your account name in the top right corner and select `Account`. Under the `Peronsal profile` section of the side bar, select `API tokens`. Click on the `Create Token` button in the top right and follow Fastly's instructions for creating a [user API token](https://docs.fastly.com/en/guides/using-api-tokens#creating-api-tokens). Make sure to save this API token in a safe place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have created your Fastly account, you're ready to configure the Fastly side of things using the [Fastly console](https://manage.fastly.com/services/all). Once you're logged in, click on your account name in the top right corner and select `Account`. Under the `Personal profile` section of the side bar, select `API tokens`. Click on the `Create Token` button in the top right and follow Fastly's instructions for creating a [user API token](https://docs.fastly.com/en/guides/using-api-tokens#creating-api-tokens). Make sure to save this API token in a safe place.
```

Next, you will install the [Fastly CLI](https://developer.fastly.com/learning/compute/#install-the-fastly-cli) and follow the command line prompts for providing the API token you just created:

```bash
brew install fastly/tap/fastly
fastly profile create
```

## Deploying with Fastly

Now it's time to configure and deploy the application to your Fastly account. As noted before, you need a copy of the Momento JavaScript SDK available in your repository. 
In this example, we'll deploy from a GitHub repository forked from [the original](https://github.com/momentohq/client-sdk-javascript).

![Fork SDK Repository](/img/github-fork-js-sdk.png)

> This repository contains a directory under `examples` for `fastly-compute` which contains the example code for interacting with your Momento Cache using the Momento HTTP API. The HTTP API is lightweight in that you won't need any additional dependencies beyond what Fastly requires and you can use the standard `fetch` HTTP client methods. However, it only provides a basic subset of all of the Momento APIs, such as `get`, `set`, and `delete`.

Reviewer: We should add the info about the HTTP API earlier in the doc before we mention why we only support AWS.

Fastly Compute@Edge uses a file called `fastly.toml` to configure the local and deployed execution environments for your edge code. More information about Compute@Edge configuration can be found [on their website](https://developer.fastly.com/reference/compute/fastly-toml/).

First let's navigate to the relevant example directory and install the dependencies:

```bash
cd client-sdk-javascript/examples/fastly-compute
npm install
```

Second, create a `secrets.json` file with the following contents:

```
{
    "MOMENTO_HTTP_ENDPOINT": "<YOUR-HTTP-ENDPOINT>",
    "MOMENTO_BACKEND": "<YOUR-MOMENTO-BACKEND-NAME>",
    "MOMENTO_CACHE": "<YOUR-CACHE-NAME>",
    "MOMENTO_TOKEN": "<YOUR-MOMENTO-AUTH-TOKEN>
}
```

> The name your assign to the variable `MOMENTO_BACKEND` can be anything you want, just make sure that your HTTP endpoint corresponds to the region where you created your Momento Cache. This is the HTTP we copied from the Momento Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set the variable `MOMENTO_BACKEND` to any string value. Make sure that your HTTP endpoint corresponds to the region where you created your Momento Cache. This is the HTTP endpoint value we copied from the Generate Token output on the Momento Console.
```

> **Note**: for production environments, the Momento auth token should be saved in a [Fastly Secret Store](https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/services/resources/secret-store/). However, this is a feature currently restricted to beta users, so this example saves the auth token in a [Config Store](https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/services/resources/config-store/) along with the other values specified in the `secrets.json`.

Reviewer: Thank you!

```
[setup]

  [setup.backends]

    [setup.backends.<YOUR-MOMENTO-BACKEND-NAME>]
      address = "<YOUR-HTTP-ENDPOINT>"
      port = 443

  [setup.config_stores]

    [setup.config_stores.secrets]

      [setup.config_stores.secrets.items]

        [setup.config_stores.secrets.items.MOMENTO_BACKEND]
          value = "<YOUR-MOMENTO-BACKEND-NAME>"

        [setup.config_stores.secrets.items.MOMENTO_CACHE]
          value = "<YOUR-CACHE-NAME>"

        [setup.config_stores.secrets.items.MOMENTO_HTTP_ENDPOINT]
          value = "<YOUR-HTTP-ENDPOINT>"

        [setup.config_stores.secrets.items.MOMENTO_TOKEN]
          value = "<YOUR-MOMENTO-AUTH-TOKEN>"
```

Next, start the development server and navigate to [localhost:7676](http://localhost:7676) to check that it's working.

```bash
fastly compute serve
```

The code in this example sets an item in the cache, gets it, deletes it, and returns an HTML response. 

> What you should see is a simple text response that matches the result seen in the [deployed example](https://solely-civil-crab.edgecompute.app/).

Reviewer: I think we should remove the link to the deployed app since it is not permanent, and replace it with a screenshot.

   
```typescript
    const momento = new MomentoFetcher(authToken, httpEndpoint, backend);

>     const getResp = await momento.get(cacheName, key);

Reviewer: It would be nice to show how to handle cache hit vs cache miss vs error.

Author: The [example code](https://github.com/momentohq/client-sdk-javascript/blob/main/examples/fastly-compute/src/index.ts#L109) has a get function that differentiates between hit and miss responses. I can point this out in the doc though for clarity around what the MomentoFetcher is.

Reviewer: ok
